feat(uid) Adding modal documentation (#605)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/widgets.md

Use the **form container** to enable form validation for input widgets. The form container also exposes a local **$form** which is the AngularJS form object associated to the form container. In the Bonita Studio, if you define a contract for the task or process and click on the UI Designer icon, the generated form already contains a form container to embed default input widgets to collect the information that need to be passed to the contract to be verified. You can then define the validation you need on the input.  
For example, you can bind the button's disabled property to _$form.$invalid_ to prevent user from clicking the button, until the form inputs are valid.

> ### Modal container widget

Reviewer: So, yeah, place an anchor before this title.

> Use the **modal container** to create a pop-up window. This modal container can be opened with a button by choosing the `Open Modal` action. Both the button and the modal need to be specified a modal id in the coresponding field. This id must be only used once on the page. Any button that is placed inside a modal window can close the modal when a success occurs during any action when choosing the . The only different action is the `Close Modal` which will close the modal when the button is clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **modal container** to create a pop-up window. This modal container can be opened with a button by choosing `Open Modal` in the button's "Actions" property. 
Choose a name for the `modal ID` property so you can define what modal container the button will display.
This ID must be unique for a given page. 
Any button located inside a modal window can close the modal on success, during any action, when choosing `close modal` in the Action property.```

> The size of the modal window can be changed between by selecting one of the three options provided. It is also possible to change the animation when the modal window appears. 

Reviewer: Name the 3 options
Explain what is meant by "animation" and in what case it's good (almost all) and what case it's better not to animate (wizard with multiple successive windows).

> To change the style of the modal a tip would be to input the `modal-body` CSS class into the apropriate field of the modal container, which will improve the shown modal. Another tip would be adding different containers inside the modal and specifying any of the following CSS classes for each container depending on the placement in the modal :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a little padding between the modal container content and its borders by typing `modal-body` in the CSS classes` property
For more structured content, you can adding different plain containers inside the modal container, and specify any of the following CSS classes for each container, depending on its location in the modal:
```

Reviewer: Explain the effect of each class, please (except if its sooo obvious)

Use the **form container** to enable form validation for input widgets. The form container also exposes a local **$form** which is the AngularJS form object associated to the form container. In the Bonita Studio, if you define a contract for the task or process and click on the UI Designer icon, the generated form already contains a form container to embed default input widgets to collect the information that need to be passed to the contract to be verified. You can then define the validation you need on the input.  
For example, you can bind the button's disabled property to _$form.$invalid_ to prevent user from clicking the button, until the form inputs are valid.

### <a name="modal-widget"></a> Modal container widget

Use the **modal container** to create a pop-up window. This modal container can be opened with a button by choosing `Open Modal` in the button's "Actions" property. 
Choose a name for the `modal ID` property so you can define what modal container the button will display.
This ID must be unique for a given page. 

> Any button located inside a modal window can close the modal on success, during any action, when choosing `close modal` in the Action property.

Reviewer: Between "open modal" and "close modal", you must repeat the same pattern of capitalized and non-capitalized letters than on the button's actions in the UI Designer: "Open modal" and "Close modal" could be good, but please check how it is written in the UI Designer.

> The `Size` of the modal window can be changed by selecting small, medium or large in the drop-down menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Size` of the modal window can be changed by selecting `small`, `medium` or `large` in the drop-down menu. 
```

Reviewer: Same here, make sure the UI Designer says "small" or "Small" and write just the same in the documentation. Same for the other 2 options.

Use the **form container** to enable form validation for input widgets. The form container also exposes a local **$form** which is the AngularJS form object associated to the form container. In the Bonita Studio, if you define a contract for the task or process and click on the UI Designer icon, the generated form already contains a form container to embed default input widgets to collect the information that need to be passed to the contract to be verified. You can then define the validation you need on the input.  
For example, you can bind the button's disabled property to _$form.$invalid_ to prevent user from clicking the button, until the form inputs are valid.

### <a name="modal-widget"></a> Modal container widget

> Use the **modal container** to create a pop-up window. This modal container cannot be added into any container or fragment.

Reviewer: remplacer "pop-up window" par "pop-in" (promis ce sera mon dernier nouveau commentaire)

For pages that are displayed in a task or process context, the button widget can be used to submit a form, completing the human task or starting a process instance. For form submission, you need to define only the data to send. The URL is extracted from the context.

Another possible use of the widget button is to add or remove a data from a given collection.

> Finally, a button could be used to open any modal on the page, as long as the modal id is specified into the appropriate field. Another action for the button widget is to close the modal that contains it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can use a button to open a modal container (pop up window) on the page, as long as the modal ID is specified into the appropriate field. Another action for the button widget is to close the modal that contains it. 
```

For pages that are displayed in a task or process context, the button widget can be used to submit a form, completing the human task or starting a process instance. For form submission, you need to define only the data to send. The URL is extracted from the context.

Another possible use of the widget button is to add or remove a data from a given collection.

Finally, you can use a button to open a modal container (pop up window) on the page, as long as the modal ID is specified into the appropriate field. Another action for the button widget is to close the modal that contains it.

> Other actions can also close the modal if they succeed, being enabled when the `Close modal on success` property is positive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other actions can also close the modal window if they succeed: to do so, set the `Close modal on success` propoerty to the Action property is positive.
```

> Other actions can also close the modal if they succeed, being enabled when the `Close modal on success` property is positive.

Reviewer: What is implied in "Other actions"? Can you give an example?
Nice to have: Try being even clearer so as what Fred needs to do. For example (but not sure this is the exact way it is implemented in the UI Designer): "... can close the modal on success. To do so, set the `Close modal on success` property to `yes`.

For pages that are displayed in a task or process context, the button widget can be used to submit a form, completing the human task or starting a process instance. For form submission, you need to define only the data to send. The URL is extracted from the context.

Another possible use of the widget button is to add or remove a data from a given collection.

> Finally, you can use a button to open a modal container (pop up window) on the page, as long as the modal ID is specified into the appropriate field. Another action for the button widget is to close the modal that contains it.

Reviewer: pop-in
